CASMPET-5712 Add steps to ensure that Keycloak user localization has completed. (#1774)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_3.md

   ncn-m002# /usr/share/doc/csm/upgrade/1.2/scripts/upgrade/csm-upgrade.sh
   ```

## Verify Keycloak users

Verify that the Keycloak users localize job has completed as expected.

> This section can be skipped if user localization is not required.

After an upgrade, it is possible that all expected Keycloak users were not localized.

> Please follow the [Verification Procedure](../../operations/security_and_authentication/Keycloak_User_Localization.md) to confirm that Keycloak localization has completed as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Keycloak User Localization Verification](../../operations/security_and_authentication/Keycloak_User_Localization.md) to confirm that Keycloak localization has completed as expected.
```
